# spy_your_mate_project

Have you ever thought about what happened in the background during a webcam call or in your smart surveillance camera? 
Can the network traffic reveal some useful information even if encrypted?
In this project, you are requested to analyse the traffic generated by a webcam call and, from such traffic, identify whether a person or only the background is recorded in the video. 
You have to approach this problem from a Machine Learning (ML) perspective.
To help you, you may follow the following approach:
1) Start a video call with your project’s mate with your favourite program: skype, teams, zoom, etc. 
   If you're doing the project alone, you can call yourself with two different devices.
2) Capture the network traffic with Wireshark and filtering all the video call packets (watch out for inbound and outbound video traffic).
3) During the call, have frames with the person in the camera and frames with only the background.
   Be extra careful in this process: here, you create your ground-truth labels (the real information provided by direct observation).
   Stay at least 1 minute in each position, and then switch it.
4) In order to record the ground truth events, you have to use Node-RED. Create a simple dashboard that allows you to store the ground-truth value (e.g. 1 a for person, 0 for no-person). 
   Save everything in a csv file for further ML analysis.
5) Import your data (Wireshark capture + ground truth) in your favourite ML environment (pure Python, R, Matlab, Jupyter notebook, etc). 
   It may be useful to convert your Wireshark file into a csv.
6) Play with some ML recognizer of your choice (at least two). Your final goal is to identify for each time interval whether the person was in the video or not.
7) Report your inferences in a Node-RED chart.
